COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 Casiano Rodriguez-Leon.
Copyright © 2017 William N. Braswell, Jr.
All Rights Reserved.

Parse::Yapp is Copyright © 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, Francois Desarmenien.
Parse::Yapp is Copyright © 2017 William N. Braswell, Jr.
All Rights Reserved.

Parse::Eyapp uses and modifies all the files in the Parse::Yapp 1.06
distribution.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.6 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

IMPORTANT NOTES

The main source of documentation is  Parse::Eyapp (Reference guide).
Have a look at the tests, they can help you. 
Not all the examples in the examples/ directory work.

The eyapp frontend has its own documentation using either 'perldoc eyapp'
or (on systems with man pages) 'man eyapp'.

The trereg frontend to Parse::Eyapp::Treeregexp has its own documentation 
using either 'perldoc treereg' or (on systems with man pages) 'man treereg'.

Any help on improving those documentations is very welcome.

DESCRIPTION

Parse::Eyapp (Extended yapp) is a collection of modules
that extends Francois Desarmenien Parse::Yapp.
Eyapp extends yacc/yapp syntax with
functionalities like named attributes,
EBNF-like expressions, modifiable default action,
automatic syntax tree building,
semi-automatic abstract syntax tree building,
translation schemes, tree regular expressions,
tree transformations, scope analysis, support,
directed acyclic graphs and a few more.

REQUIREMENTS

Requires Perl v5.6 or higher

You need the following modules:

                     List::Util  
                     Data::Dumper
                     Pod::Usage 

The last three belong to the core of recent Perl distributions.
Some of the tests make use of:

Test::Exception
Test::Warning
Test::Pod

The tests related with those modules are skipped if you haven't installed
those modules. 

If you decided to install Test::Warn be aware that
Test::Warn depends on  Array::Compare. My experience is that you must 
install Array::Compare by hand first (i.e. perl Makefile.PL; make; make test; make install)
and then go to install Test::Warn.

INSTALLATION

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install

LEARNING TO USE IT

- Make a local copy of the examples/ directory in this distribution
- Probably it will be also a good idea to make a copy of the tests in the t/ directory.
  They also illustrate the use of Eyapp
- Get the pdf files in 
     http://nereida.deioc.ull.es/~pl/perlexamples/Eyapp.pdf

- Print Eyapp.pdf.

WARRANTY

This software comes with absolutely NO WARRANTY of any kind. 
I just hope it can be useful.

FEEDBACK

Send feedback, comments and bugs to:

William N. Braswell, Jr. <wbraswell_cpan@NOSPAM.nym.hush.com>
(Remove "NOSPAM".)

